what's going on Jake paulers quite
frankly today's going to be a banger
video I hope you're ready get your
popcorn it's going to be
shck just beating you in the head with
the
mic this thing is obnoxiously
long oh my god I've definitely played
this before
I love that there's no fall damage oh
Las you think we can actually get
through this or no oh
yeah someone want to try
no I made
[Music]
ity I made it
m get out of there gar get in the lasers
did you get
that no you didn't record that wait that
me no but I Haven record right now oh my
God a back flip holy [__] G I got out of
there don't you
worry help help help me help let's film
someone that can I'm
coming help I'm
coming yo there's a massive thing
there's a massive thing
there I Tripp behind
you the [__] I'm getting
shot I'm getting shot are you all right
I'm still getting sucked in oh my God
old beatball it's a big old
Beall hello oh no they both
died oh yeah boy I'm on
it I'm on it oh my God thank you so much
we need to we need to be careful all
right get out of this [__] room where
you
at
a oh no who just yelled was that Ethan
oh oh we're all dead damn
it there's no way we can pull it off
again I should have just left with the
camera Bro [__] I knew I should have
left we really good crazy these next two
videos damn it I believe in this man I
had so many up so like a lot on video I
just [__] died let's just think about
it in our dreams we got this I Believe
in Us I don't think we can do this uh
you need to believe buddy you need to
believe believe share this video with
your [__] grandmas your neighbors
everybody bro we need to view tell
friend to tell a friend oh here we go
footage today we need to get some some
crazy [__] yo there's a broken
camera I've never seen this
another Travelers I can still film
doesn't fil we get two Vlogs yeah
37% what wonder if that's our just the
camera from yeah yeah yeah that's dude
no way that working first though this
time yeah but maybe we can get some of
the footage out of it I don't know yeah
we probably Sal that I'm really curious
to know now don't die with that the same
day we yeah kill our
views one in the morning one in the
afternoon the algorithm so is it not
working right you said no the camera
doesn't turn on like there's is black
screen but it still might have the
footage yeah it still says 37% left so I
think it's there here you go record
this little bit of something
ready a bone to pick with you
boy that get something there little
something stun
oh help help help he threw him right at
me that was a collateral again you died
I di too much oh
[__] that camera
H [__] you
too Hyper's did hyper get the camera we
need to back he's got to get the camera
oh my God it's a dead end D bro I still
got 22% footage we low on oxygen though
yeah I say it's not worth the r sucks
think start filming something bro oh my
God guys we're now leaving should die oh
my God yeah oh [__] what was
that okay TR have [__] way they're going
to get collateral here for sure swe to
God can we die
here holy
[__] morph through the door imagine out
oh why would you open the door
hper what happened take off oh my God
take off wait wait wait is it
over
me oh my God D
was oh my God that could have been
really bad we almost lost both of them
is camera still in there is the camera
in
there oh nice
nice hold if you want is this which one
is that the good one that's the broken
one let's see if it
works uh okay yeah we still got we got
two videos today all right here we go we
got a big surprise for you guys today
should we do the old one or the new one
first this is the new one right yeah
yeah wait the views are kind of I guess
it's faster now yeah it gets they get
faster the higher Naturals
yeah TIG Wood's voice is very
sing oh thank
you you feeling your face wait this say
50k we definitely good yeah we're doing
all right oh my God guys we're now
leaving even died
yeah I think we're sick
well we don't know what this other one's
going to
do if it could just even like 30 I think
that'll like get us Near reachable View
count what' you get oh half of this is
me doing dumb [__] I
forgot looking pretty good already yeah
they're not bad they're likeing the
dance
moves this is when I died with the
camera right yeah I think with it in the
second half wait 34k this is going
quick they're loving this [__] oh
yeah
oh they were
dancing we good look
at the Double upload man they're they're
loving it they're still here because
they were just watching 10 seconds
ago wait 60 what's going on yeah oh
maybe because just lost tapes damn look
at that we only need 20K oh [__] dude
and $849 holy [__] oh we
bowling on all right who am I riding
tonight trying to get some sh I guess
I'll volunteer wait Ethan since you
didn't buy a you should buy the
thumbnail pose all right thumbnail one
yeah let's go for that one I'm not sure
what that pose is
but how to make a good thumbnail
oh it's like a shocked pose guys guys
guys oh my God we have a crazy video for
you today guys crazy video ready three
two one you won't believe what we have
in store for you today
guys just stayed there with the shocked
face I can't believe we found that
camera like that that was
clutch that was [__] clut GL that's a
feature we don't need much boys it's
something we got this we don't need that
many views so really we just need a
little bit but then we can go back let
try to interview Gary on six Street yeah
we don't the boom arm
though here record this all
right guys look damn boy that was crazy
thil face this guy is nuts man he'll do
anything thumnail face thumbnail face
thumnail face do it oh my
god get a look at
that get a of this guy this guy will do
anything he doesn't
care that did you get
that I got all F bro we're fine I only
lost a little bit of Health oh he just
ran that way he just went in there it's
Ro there for the Vlog I'll take it where
should we go where I'm bleeding out but
it's okay what should we do I don't know
I don't know where we
are I have no idea oh y there a blunder
he fell
oh he fell over look at him did just die
H this guy is scary are you dead so f
are you dead Hyper's dead on the ground
wait hyper the camera let me pi the
camera where's the camera I don't see
the camera I got oh you got he's got the
camera all right let's find the stairs
we should be good we should be good is
that Gary G hey Gary Gary how many
bodies do you have
dog Gary where you from you look
familiar smash or pass Gary smash or
pass you look familiar dog how much do
the Fit cost how much do the Fit
cost help help oh need help I can't do
sh I'm good I'm good I'm
good oh my
god let's go let's
go let's go let get out here to find the
exit oh we're good we're good we're good
we definitely have enough for 20K views
for sure yeah we do okay don't get
greedy Suda thinking sure be
heading
no I thought you were in not on my
watch $1 bill up hyper man he's cheap
cheap man don't sh to
close don't s too close to the
TV please give us 20K what we have in
store for you today
guys where are we going tonight Mike
oh yeah it's going up
quick I think should be good [__]
lasers okay yeah we're already halfway
do it self
har that's
crazy who who he's got a knife he's got
a knife got knife I got it I got I got
it on film bro [__] [__] that [__] was
crazy
bro oh [__]
this one's doing
numbers look how many views I got that's
kind
of this is the my most view Vlogs far
got to find the exit it above ground
we're almost there can we get 100K wait
it stopped I'm proud of us
man we doing this [__] fine should we
get the mic boom again yeah let's get
actual equipment should we try some
audio in the spawn with the boom arm
Sounds new package I'm the camera man
you don't put me on
the get behind the what's going
on how we doing today folks three two
get the Boom in there like right in
front of his mic all right three two one
we're live what's going on Jake paulers
quite frankly today's going to be a
banger video I hope you're ready get
your popcorn it's going to be
sh just beating you in the head with the
mic this thing is obnoxiously long 3 two
one got some ribs
here some ribs like boom on to the
ribs I guess guess there they are this
is r or
something L time
with a mic in your head there's a skull
right here see what blood has to say any
last words I'm just sweeping up the
mess oh dog right here the dog he's
coming for me they massacred our boy
this little guy coming home today he
just got
adopted get the camera oh
no we get back he's right up here if you
lit just get all the top of the stairs
and get this sh we get out of here does
someone have the camera no I'm good
I got the camera okay which way did you
guys go I don't [__] know up here
Ethan I'm behind you Bo little dog just
come up here we can get out oh there's a
guy did you get that on camera rooms
scary ghost I think I did but not that
well there goes the ghost all right come
on come on come on come on go go go rest
in peace oh my God he's going to kill me
I'm still alive I'm still alive run I'm
dead I think you're blocking the exit
Ethan get the camera oh my God run oh my
to film it [__] it at this point I don't
have the camera this Vlog your
experience Oh I thought you did you need
that camera probably ran away usually
run away just grab that thing and then
DP I'm out leave oh you got to sh the
light
on flashlight your flashlight can you
flashlight I don't have it oh you're
dead no no way over no [__] can we get
that back it was right by the stairs
[__] we the same world maybe we can just
grab it again [__] Fu dude grab your
flashlight boys let's do it oh no this
is let's go boys Is this different oh
shoot it is different for
sure it this is more like close corns
we're just in a different part of the
map yeah
oh oh it's the same going to be I think
so yeah how do we get out of here we
have to find the stairs
hello
hello hello can anyone hear me me help
where are you at
hello oh no the
wh
no damn that footage was going to be so
good bro there's no way he finds it that
footage is going to be so funny yo
there's a starfish right there he needs
to walk into it oh wait did you die to
the starfish too I did can't tell some
should we tell him to step where the
star is did you guys find that other
camera no no we didn't who's right here
to the left oh he's dead to your left
right there right
there I don't I don't see it on the
ground I saw it I swear you see it do
you see it I think you see it I don't
see it maybe only you see it because you
died with it damn the camera was right
there anybody alive oh he's so dead bro
you by the way and the camera's like all
the way on the bottom floor good luck oh
shoot okay left should
be oh wait it should be right there to
right behind
you behind me to the left yeah it should
be on the left side right there
left yeah think it's there should be
right there right here damn it's not
there never mind wait so do I have to
jump down that there I would just jump
down the hole to get away from that
you're going to die oh what I didn't
hear it there's no
game I lost game
AIO what's this bro the
camera you found
one get this on camera get this on
camera you us do much did you record it
this bald head plug who just hangs out
at the function prank them
John oh I'm going to come I'm going to
come
I'm going to kill there's another guy
right here me oh this guy killed me last
time I think yeah this guy is [__]
it's it's a
pineapple oh
[__] well that
hurts
brother let's TR find the other camera
the third one guys the game [__]
crashed For Me Oh I thought I was going
to extract you you not want me to you
extract by yourself extract with both
cameras though
yeah I got him sure oh okay well that's
the case I think the disc's just
bugged I don't have any disc what do you
mean oh here go here's one on the ground
ready you try make two at once or
something I don't know which one's what
thank God recovered the footage let me
just plop this one in is the first or
second is the first or second one this
the this is the new
one okay octane hi octane
intro they're loving it they're loving
it triy it's going wild they love it two
bad guys at two bad guys at
once this one needs like this one needs
like 200 vik views there
yeah oh my God oh my
goder inappropriate
inappropriate what the hell was that the
hell was that what did I do you're
humping it you're humping it wait this
actually this actually might get there
it's going to be
close got to get
the other footage is good 185 hopefully
oh thank God you V than God you vlogged
this we're more than half we're more
than
half we got something we got something
going
oh that was halfway 190 was halfway I'm
pretty sure yeah 190
was you guys watch right
now you should have vlogged us should
vlogged us watching
this all right
oh
that's for 180k views right
here forgot with forgot with those
footage just whooping my ass with the
boom bike this would the audio the audio
stopped working I'm pretty sure later on
later yeah I think it
is they are what do you say to say ribs
this one probably won't make it to 200k
though cuz we had a lot more footage
left yeah
yeah never know you never know it was
definitely on Pace this is you guys
saying this is you guys saying you can't
hear
anything oh it's not going to make it
wait I start recording I start recording
him here yeah get a good bit of do I
tried to record tried to record as much
as I could with the
dog I don't know we're not making it I
think did but not that well e did you
pick up theam did you pick up the camera
and record
I don't think if I did it wasn't for
long thats 60k dude we would have made
it I think that sucks if we found that
other broken camera
man back back to the beginning
now the algorithm figured out your
content
was they miss spell uninteresting Bro
[__] whoa the world forgot the world
forgot about you
bad dream oh yeah bad dream oh yeah bad
dream and then we wake up we should wake
up back to square one we started woo you
got to love it
oh
[Music]